<h1>Portland Dog Runner WordPress Site</h1>

<p>The site is now <a href="https://portlanddogrunner.com/" target="_blank">live</a>. Check it out, play around with the responsiveness from phone, to tablet, to desktop.</p>

<p>I designed this site for a local PDX company, Portland Dog Runner, using WordPress and created a child theme using the free theme Sydney. Design of this site included photo manipulation in Photoshop to change the pink and yellow color of the logo. Many of the changes for the child theme include CSS modifications to keep the color scheme cohesive. Other changes include making the logo and navigation sticky for mobile devices and large screens, so that it is always present in accordance with current UX best practices. I also changed the hamburger icon to display as an X when the navigation is active/expanded.</p>

<p>Another significant change includes moving the photo element from the center on small screens to float right on medium (tablet) and large (desktop) screens. I wrote most of the Links page in HTML to get the colors and design just right with CSS. The Gallery page uses a plugin called EmbedSocial that pulls content from a Facebook album so that the clients do not have to worry about updating a gallery inside WordPress, but instead simply add/delete photos to their Facebook album. The client picked the display styling for the plugin so that it displays with larger and smaller photos. The code for the Facebook Like and Share buttons were generated from the facebook for developers page, and the facebook logo is from FontAwesome, which I styled the hover effects to match the facebook colors.</p>

<p>I added a JavaScript function to find the current page URL and evaluate it against the page's anchor tags and if they are the same, a class is added called current-link, which is used to style the navigation of the current page to implement the current UX best practice of wayfinding, letting the user know where they are on the site at all times.</p>

<p>Above are some mockup photos of the homepage for the PDR website that I sent to the client while building it to get feedback on what they liked and didn't like They ended going with a white background for the logo and for the navigation instead of the gold and pink.</p>
